Creating the proposal issue template (#1)
carpentrycon/carpentryconhome-proposals: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/NEW_PROPOSAL.md

---
name: "\U0001F4D6 New Proposal"
about: Template for creating a new proposal
title:
labels: 
assignees: ''

---

> <!--

Reviewer: Are those comments going to be visible in the issue template? My understanding is that they will not, and we would like them to be visible.

Author: These comments won't be visible, but we can put the full template in a .md file as instructions?

Reviewer 2: I think this would be good in the README.md file

Please complete the following sections when you open a new proposal issue.
-->

## Title of the session: WRITE HERE
<!-- Please provide a short title of your proposal capturing what your target audience would expect in this session.
-->

### Session details

* Session type: WRITE HERE 

> <!-- Choose from these options: Breakout discussion, skill-up, social event, lightening talk, informal meetup, panel, pub quiz on specific topic, or other -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Choose from these options: Breakout discussion, skill-up, social event, lightning talk, informal meetup, panel, or other -->
```

* Keywords: WRITE HERE 
<!--Please provide 3-5 keywords to help your expected target audience to decide the relevance of this session-->

* Permission to record this session: WRITE HERE 
<!-- Please asnwer in 'Yes' or 'No', Since this session will be possibly taking place in a time zone that is not compatible for everyone, we would liek to record the presentation/introduction and conclusion/final wrap up part of your session through Zoom recording option.-->

### Abstract

> <!-- Please provide a short  -->

Reviewer: do we want to set some limit on the abstract size? for example 300 words?

Reviewer 2: I can't remember if we had a word limit for the first round of proposals. I don't have strong feelings for/against.

Author: yes, 250 words. looks like I totally zoned out there.

* WRITE HERE

### Personal details

* Name or pseudoname of the session lead: WRITE HERE

* Co-leads' names (we recommend involving 2 helpers/co-leads): WRITE HERE

* Email or other ways to contact the session leads/co-leads: WRITE HERE

* Country of residence and/or compatible Time Zones (provide options): WRITE HERE

> * Would you like to present this multiple times in other time zones: WRITE HERE 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Would you like to present this multiple times, in other time zones: WRITE HERE 
```
